# Cap-n-Gown
Repo for "Woke" Guidance Counselor app

This repo is a work in progress, as I had to prioritize my full-time job and my graduate coursework over the timeline of hackCWRU V. Unfortunately, this means that I will not be able to deploy Cap'n Gown (cheesy working title, I know) in time for the demos this afternoon.

ABOUT: I was inspired by the JP Morgan "Women in STEM" category and by my students. I'm a full-time high school math teacher and often get asked for career advice by my students. After researching available career guidance web/mobile apps, I decided that a gender balanced recommendation algorithm was not already addressed. When my app is ready, it will collect user input on gender, preferences, etc and return recommendations in a particular order: clusters of recommendations will be generated based on compatibility with user-indicated preferences and each cluster of recommendations will be returned to the user in descending order of gender representation. In other words, jobs/careers/fields in which women are underrepresented will appear at the top of female lists for each given cluster and jobs/careers/fields in which men are underrepresented will appear at the top of male lists for each given cluster. So similar users may receive the same suggestions, but in a different order.

CHALLENGES: My work-life balance demands I do a certain amount of work on the weekends and maintain a fairly regular sleep schedule. Therefore, I was not able to devote as much time to this hackathon as I would have liked were I a full-time student. In addition to this, I found that I spent most of my time navigating and learning the AWS platform (which was very exciting and enjoyable for me) and not enough time actually writing my code. Most of the Python and SQL that I do is for data science, so this experience helped me realize that I'd like to spend more time brushing up on my back-end development so that I can deploy web apps with less trial-and-error.

All in all, this was a useful experience for me and I am excited to continue developing this project for future deployment. Thank you to Major League Hacking and to JP Morgan for the inspiration and impetus.
